change default python version (#42)
T-Systems-MMS/docker-management-container: README.MD

## create container image

``` bash
export DMC="service-mgmt-dmc:1.0.0"

docker build -t ${DMC} .
```

## Pipelines

Examples for build within Pipelines can be found under [examples/pipeline](examples/pipeline).

## Usage on Local System

### run DMC

To run the Docker Management Container your system must have Docker or Podman installed.

* Linux Client
* MacOS
* Docker Desktop for Windows or WSL2

``` bash
docker run -ti ${DMC}
```

### mount volumes

> Mount checked out Service Git Repository into DMC e.g. to change Code within Visual Studio Code and work with these chances directly in the DMC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mount your code or git repository into the container. This way you can work with your favorite editor and test the changes directly in the DMC.

Example:
```
